Docs/key value tags for resources (#730)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/projects/manage.mdx

1. Click **Projects**.
1. Search for a project that you want to review by scrolling down the table or
   searching for a project name in the search bar above the project table.
1. Click **Settings**. The settings view for the selected project appears.
1. Click the **Delete** button. A **Delete project** modal appears.
1. Click the **Delete** button to confirm the deletion.

HCP Terraform returns to the **Projects** view with the deleted project
removed from the list.

## Define project tags
You can define tags stored as key-value pairs to help you organize your projects and track resource consumption. HCP Terraform applies tags that you attach to projects to the workspaces created inside the project.

Workspace administrators with appropriate permissions can attach new key-value pairs to their workspaces to override inherited tags. Refer to [Workspace tags](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/create#define-workspace-tags) for additional information about using tags in workspaces.

Tags that you create appear in the tags management screen in the organization settings. Refer to [Organizations](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations) for additional information.

> You cannot override reserved tag keys created by the organization administrator. Refer to [Create and manage reserved tags](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations#create-and-manage-reserved-tags) for additional information.

Reviewer: I think this stipulation only applies to workspaces -- which is the only resource where you can both inherit and define tags.

> You cannot override reserved tag keys created by the organization administrator. Refer to [Create and manage reserved tags](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations#create-and-manage-reserved-tags) for additional information.

Author: ```suggestion
```

The following rules apply to tag keys and values:

> - Tags must be one or more characters.

Reviewer: We should somehow mention the tag count limitations-- 10 per workspace, 10 per project, for a total of 20 per workspace...

- Tags have a 255 character limit.

> - Tabs can include letters, numbers, colons, hyphens, and underscores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tags can include letters, numbers, colons, hyphens, and underscores.
```

- Tag values are optional.
- You cannot use the following strings at the beginning of a tag key:
    - `hcp`

>     - `hc`

Reviewer: The list is actually `hcp:` `hc:` `ibm:`

Reviewer: These show up as links for some reason

Author: I wasn't sure if we should keep the `ibm` prefix, but I'll add it back in.
Yep, the auto-linking thing is part of our web platform. Nothing to do about it

> - You cannot use the following strings at the beginning of a tag key:
>     - `hcp`
>     - `hc`

Author: ```suggestion
- You can create up to 10 unique tags per workspace and 10 unique tags per project. As a result, each workspace can have up to 20 tags.
- You cannot use the following strings at the beginning of a tag key:
    - `hcp`
    - `hc`
    - `ibm`
```

---
page_title: Manage projects in HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise
description: |-
  Use projects to organize and group workspaces and create ownership boundaries
  across your infrastructure.
---

# Manage projects

This topic describes how to create and manage projects in HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise. A project is a folder containing one or more workspaces.

## Requirements

You must have the following permissions to manage projects:

> - You must be a member of a team with the **Manage all Projects**  permissions enabled to create a project. Refer to [Organization Permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#organization-permissions) for additional information.

Reviewer 2: When mentioning specific permissions I feel like we usually do quotes? I don't love it, but bold doesn't feel right _either_ because we aren't talking about something in UI element here.
```suggestion
- You must be a member of a team with the "Manage all Projects" permission to create a project. Refer to [Organization Permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#organization-permissions) for additional information.
```

Author: This is referring to a UI element. There is a radio button in the interface with this label.

> - You must be a member of a team with the update team access to add a new team access for organization-visible teams for a project.

Reviewer 2: I'm not 100% if this is the permission being talking about but I *think* it is, so here is my best guess:
```suggestion
- You must be a member of a team with the [team management "manage" permission](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#general-project-permissions) to allow non-secret teams to access a project.
```

Author: ```suggestion
- You must be a member of a team with the **Visible** option enabled under **Visibility** in the organization settings to configure a new team's access to the project. Refer to [Team Visibility](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/teams#team-visibility) for additional information.
```
Yeah, that wasn't really clear.

> - You must be a member of a team with update and delete permissions to be able to update and delete teams respectively.

Reviewer 2: This permission doesn't seem to affect projects at all, just teams? Maybe we can remove it?

Author: It's possible that this has changed and the required permissions were never updated: https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/projects/managing#permissions

@brandonc - is this still accurate?

> To delete tags on a project, you must be member of a team with the **Admin** permission group enabled for the project.

Reviewer 2: Again, bold here doesn't feel right since this isn't a UI element on this page? Also how would you feel about a link since the permission is kind of hidden?
```suggestion
To delete tags on a project, you must be member of a team with ["Project Admin" permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#project-admin) for that project.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, to match formatting should we either make these list items or remove the bullet points above?

> To create tags for a project, you must be member of a team with the **Write** permission group enabled for the project.

Reviewer 2: Same as above
```suggestion
To create tags for a project, you must be member of a team with ["Project Write" permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#write-1) for that project.
```

## View a project

To view your organization's projects:

1. Click **Projects**.
1. Search for a project that you want to view. You can use the following methods:
   - Sort by column header.
   - Use the search bar to search on the name of a project or a tag.
1. Click on a project's name to view more details.

## Create a project

1. Click **Projects**.
1. Click **+ New project**.
1. Specify a name for the project. The name must be unique within the organization and can only include letters, numbers, inner spaces, hyphens, and underscores.
1. Add a description for the project. This field is optional.

> 1. Open the **Add key value tags** menu to add tags to your project. Tags are optional key-value pairs that you can use to organize projects. Workspaces created within the project inherit project tags. Refer to [Define project tags](#define-project-tags) for additional information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open the **Add key value tags** menu to add tags to your project. Tags are optional key-value pairs that you can use to organize projects. Any workspaces you create within the project inherit project tags. Refer to [Define project tags](#define-project-tags) for additional information.
```

1. Click **+Add tag** and specify a tag key and tag value. If your organization has defined reserved tag keys, they appear in the **Tag key** field as suggestions. Refer to [Create and manage reserved tags](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations#create-and-manage-reserved-tags) for additional information.

> 1. You can  **+add another tag** to attach any additional tags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click **+add another tag** to attach any additional tags.
```

1. Click **Create** to finish creating the project.

HCP Terraform returns a new project page displaying all the project
information.

## Edit a project

1. Click **Projects**.
1. Click on a project name of the project you want to edit.
1. Click **Settings**.

On this **General settings** page, you can update the project name, project
description, and delete the project. On the **Team access** page, you can modify
team access to the project.

## Automatically destroy inactive workspaces 

<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:pnp-callout -->
@include 'tfc-package-callouts/ephemeral-workspaces.mdx'
<!-- END: TFC:only name:pnp-callout -->

You can configure HCP Terraform to automatically destroy each workspace's
infrastructure in a project after a period of inactivity. A workspace
is _inactive_ if the workspace's state has not changed within your designated
time period.

If you configure a project to auto-destroy its infrastructure when inactive, 
any run that updates Terraform state further delays the scheduled auto-destroy 
time by the length of your designated timeframe.

> !> **Note:** Automatic destroy plans _do not_ prompt you for apply approval in the HCP Terraform user interface. We recommend only using this setting for development environments.

Reviewer 3: i think `!>` corresponds with Warning

```suggestion
!> **Warning:** Automatic destroy plans _do not_ prompt you for apply approval in the HCP Terraform user interface. We recommend only using this setting for development environments.
```

## Define project tags
You can define tags stored as key-value pairs to help you organize your projects and track resource consumption. HCP Terraform applies tags that you attach to projects to the workspaces created inside the project.

Workspace administrators with appropriate permissions can attach new key-value pairs to their workspaces to override inherited tags. Refer to [Workspace tags](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/create#define-workspace-tags) for additional information about using tags in workspaces.

Tags that you create appear in the tags management screen in the organization settings. Refer to [Organizations](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations) for additional information.

The following rules apply to tag keys and values:

- Tags must be one or more characters.
- Tags have a 255 character limit.
- Tags can include letters, numbers, colons, hyphens, and underscores.
- Tag values are optional.
- You can create up to 10 unique tags per workspace and 10 unique tags per project. As a result, each workspace can have up to 20 tags.
- You cannot use the following strings at the beginning of a tag key:
    - `hcp`
    - `hc`

>     - `ibm`

Reviewer 3: is this an actual technical restriction? if not, we should remove it

```suggestion
```

Author: It is. It's in the RFC

- You must be a member of a team with update and delete permissions to be able to update and delete teams respectively.

To delete tags on a project, you must be member of a team with the **Admin** permission group enabled for the project.

To create tags for a project, you must be member of a team with the **Write** permission group enabled for the project.

## View a project

To view your organization's projects:

1. Click **Projects**.
1. Search for a project that you want to view. You can use the following methods:
   - Sort by column header.
   - Use the search bar to search on the name of a project or a tag.
1. Click on a project's name to view more details.

## Create a project

1. Click **Projects**.
1. Click **+ New project**.
1. Specify a name for the project. The name must be unique within the organization and can only include letters, numbers, inner spaces, hyphens, and underscores.
1. Add a description for the project. This field is optional.
   

>     ~> **Adding project tags is in private beta and unavailable for some users.** Skip to step 8 if your interface does not include elements for adding tags. Contact your HashiCorp representative for information about participating in the limited beta.  

Author: ```suggestion
    ~> **Adding project tags is in private beta and unavailable for some users.** Skip to step 8 if your interface does not include elements for adding tags. Contact your HashiCorp representative for information about participating in the private beta.  
```

To schedule an auto-destroy run after a period of workspace inactivity:

1. Navigate to the project's **Settings** > **Auto-destroy Workspaces** page.
1. Click **Set up default**.
1. Select or customize a desired timeframe of inactivity.
1. Click **Confirm default**.

You can configure an individual workspace's auto-destroy settings to override
this default configuration. Refer to [automatically destroy workspaces](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/deletion#automatically-destroy) for more information.

## Delete a project

You can only delete projects that do not contain workspaces.

To delete an empty project:

1. Click **Projects**.
1. Search for a project that you want to review by scrolling down the table or
   searching for a project name in the search bar above the project table.
1. Click **Settings**. The settings view for the selected project appears.
1. Click the **Delete** button. A **Delete project** modal appears.
1. Click the **Delete** button to confirm the deletion.

HCP Terraform returns to the **Projects** view with the deleted project
removed from the list.

## Define project tags

> ~> **Adding project tags is in limited beta and unavailable for some users.** Contact your HashiCorp representative for information about participating in the limited beta.  

Author: ```suggestion
~> **Adding project tags is in private beta and unavailable for some users.** Contact your HashiCorp representative for information about participating in the private beta.  
```

1. Click **+ New project**.
1. Specify a name for the project. The name must be unique within the organization and can only include letters, numbers, inner spaces, hyphens, and underscores.
1. Add a description for the project. This field is optional.
   

>     ~> **Adding project tags is in limited beta and unavailable for some users.** Skip to step 8 if your interface does not include elements for adding tags. Contact your HashiCorp representative for information about participating in the limited beta.  

Reviewer 4: "private beta" is the approved release stage name.

Author: ```suggestion
    ~> **Adding project tags is in private beta and unavailable for some users.** Skip to step 8 if your interface does not include elements for adding tags. Contact your HashiCorp representative for information about participating in the limited beta.  
```
